Oh
hello guys and welcome to a day in my
life
lockdown edition I'm going to make this
intro quick because honestly the sound
of that alarm is triggering me my name
is Paige I'm a third year student at the
University of Cambridge studying
astrophysics and along with a large
proportion of the world's population I'm
currently on lockdown I'm completing my
final term of my degree at home and this
is what my typical day looks like I've
said this before I'll say it again I'm
not a morning person here's me
contemplating life coming to terms with
the fact that I gotta get up first thing
I do is let some daylight into the room
and make my bed my room is the Tydeus it
ever be just because it's in the
background of all of my video calls for
university and I can't deal with the
embarrassment of having a messy room no
mess no stress I guess I am spending a
lot of my time in my room after all so
it's nice to have an organized living
space once I've put on my pink fluffy
dressing-gown and slippers I head down
to the kitchen I very rarely skip
breakfast being hungry is a key factor
in motivating me to get out of bed in
the first place on this day I opted for
some shreddies and orange juice is that
a weird mix I'm not sure I decided to
read some articles from New Scientist
magazine whilst I was eating breakfast
I'm really rather into it there's some
really interesting articles and it just
warms up my brain for the day after I
finished breakfast I grabbed my bathroom
stuff and head off to have a shower
you'll notice I don't get up super early
it's normally about ten o'clock
by the time I've got dressed also I am
living in loungewear at the moment I
prioritize comfort you know I have got
into the habit of making a time plan the
night before it tends to keep me focused
the following day so here it is look
what exciting things are in store
I don't always strictly stick to it but
I like to have some sense of structure I
took a seat at my desk where I do the
majority of my work yes I started 15
minutes later than planned I'm not
perfect the folder of notes I needed was
already out from the previous day you
can see I keep the rest of my folders in
a bookcase over in the right hand corner
I was starting the day with some
relativity questions my course covers
special relativity and general
relativity special relativity is a
theory relating space and time in the
absence of gravity general relativity is
a geometric theory where gravity is
described by the curvature of space-time
whilst attempting questions I was also
sorting through old work that I'd
completed for supervisions it was a
much-needed refresher I hadn't looked at
this topic for a few months because it
was lectured in my first term of the
year this year I'm very aware that the
best preparation for exams is doing lots
and lots and lots of practice questions
and I'm trying not to fall into my usual
perfectionist trap of spending ages
poring over the notes until I'm
convinced I can recite them only to
realize I can't answer any questions in
practice
at midday I had a zoomkour with the
Institute of astronomy which is my
university department my whole cohort
dialed in and we were given more
information on the running of our final
term and also how remote assessments are
going to work I just sat and listened
and made lots of notes it was quite an
important cool you know my final
assessment my final grade for my degree
all rests on this once the zoom meeting
was over I went to annoy my mum who's
working from home in the upstairs study
I debriefed her on what was said in my
video cool assigned her the new job of
standing examined vigil ater then I went
to say hi to my dad he's working from
home in the lounge next stop was the
kitchen meet my sister Lydia she's
watching Netflix and gaming from home
it's a really hard life for her one
o'clock is time for lunch I made myself
a sandwich and my other family members
trickled in to make their lunch too
I like to eat lunch at the same time as
the rest of my family if possible it's
just nice to have some social
interaction throughout the day after
lunch
my sister was bored and wanted me to
play on a Nintendo switched console with
her the good person that I am I agreed
to sacrifice some work time and spend 20
minutes playing Super Mario Brothers Oh
No water sure
then it was time to get back to work
I started prepping for another video
call I had with advisors from university
later in the day
I developed a half-hour online
appointment and so I wanted to make the
most out of it I originally intended
only to spend a short time on this prep
work but I got a bit carried away got a
bit too into my research and spent a
good couple of hours on it but it was
useful it wasn't a waste of time at 4:30
I hopped onto Skype I had an interesting
conversation with the adviser from
University and it was handy to hear some
words of wisdom from them after the cool
I went for a brief chat with my dad and
asked for his opinions yes I talked to
my parents and lots we're quite close
and I like to keep them updated on my
University and academic matters then my
sister appears complaining about my mum
it seems there's been some family
bickering all this video is getting
exciting enter mother hands on hips here
we've got a little bit of a debate going
on who ate that last biscuit I just sat
back and didn't get involved it's Coffee
time
I like an afternoon coffee these days
I'm very much missing my daily coffee
breaks at the institute of astronomy now
I have to supply my own coffee what can
you do I knew it was all too good to be
true I headed back to my desk with my
coffee I started working on those pesky
relativity questions that I'd been
stumped at on earlier I usually dedicate
full day's to one module in this case
relativity rather than jumping between
smaller pieces of work from different
topics
it means I'm less likely to skip the
more challenging parts of the course and
it just keeps me in the flow after about
an hour had passed I quickly checked my
emails to break up the study it's really
important that we check our emails
regularly at the moment and remain
contactable we're expected to organise
our own online teaching sessions with
our supervisors and we also need to stay
informed on the university's up-to-date
guidance here I'm reading one of the
frequent emails we receive from the
vice-chancellor of the
University there usually intended to be
a bit of a morale boost as well as
containing all the latest updates from
across the university I decided to put
on some music whilst I did another hour
of work I've been listening to music a
lot lately more than ever before I used
to find it distracting and I still do to
an extent but it also motivates me to
get working in the first place and puts
me in a good mood at 7:35 I got the cool
that dinner was ready so I packed up my
work for the day I like to leave my desk
in a somewhat tidy state so I packed
away my pencils turned off my computer
dinner wars meatball pasta gloop made by
my sister surprisingly tasty I must say
compliments to the chef after dinner I
got changed into some comfy clothes it
was time to relax in the evening I do
often continue with university work in
the evenings on this day I had a virtue
of social plant my video called the
Coxes who are my friends from university
who I met through the College Boat Club
it was a really wholesome cool and a
good substitute for our usual meet up in
the college bar the biggest thing I'm
missing about Cambridge is the
interaction with other people so it was
really nice to see some familiar faces
after two hours I said goodbye to my
friends and got out the Nintendo switch
to wind down I played some animal
crossing new horizons in bed please give
the video a like if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to my channel also follow me
over on Instagram my username is act
underscore page underscore why my goal
is to get to bed before midnight so I'm
gonna leave you here see you later
[Music]